Lucene index rebuild and reset steps (Lombiq Technologies: OCORE-101) (#12302)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Recipes/README.md

    }
```

### Reset Lucene Index Step

> This Reset Lucene Index Step resets a lucene index.

Reviewer: Explain the difference between reset and rebuild.

Restarts the indexing process from the beginning in order to update current content items.
It doesn't delete existing entries from the index.

> `includeAll` property indicates whether to include all available Lucene Indices. When set to true, `Indices` property can be ommited.

Reviewer: Same below.

```suggestion
The `includeAll` property indicates whether to include all available Lucene indices. When set to `true`, the `Indices` property can be omitted.
```

```json
    {
      "name": "lucene-index-reset",

>       "includeAll": false,

Reviewer: Explain what this property is for, also for rebuild.
